Add Elixir analyzer comment about indentation (#2031)
exercism/website-copy: analyzer-comments/elixir/solution/indentation.md

# indentation

[comment]: # (This comment is returned when the solution used at least one tab for indentation)

> Elixir code should be indented with 2 spaces. Do not use tabs.

Reviewer: Can we soften the wording here while still providing clear advice?

> Elixir code should be indented with 2 spaces. Do not use tabs.

Author: like this?
```suggestion
Elixir code should be indented with 2 spaces. Make sure not to use tabs for indentation.
```
